[nrfconnect] Include GenericSwitch in light-switch example (#19848)
project-chip/connectedhomeip: examples/light-switch-app/nrfconnect/README.md

[nRF Connect platform overview](../../../docs/guides/nrfconnect_platform_overview.md)
to read more about the platform structure and dependencies.

> In matter there are 2 types of light switch device types:
> 
> -   On/Off Light Switch, Dimmer Switch, Color Dimmer Switch, Control Bridge
> -   Generic Switch
> 
> The first type uses Client application clusters (e.g. Level Control) and
> Bindings to send commands to the server clusters. This type of switch is on
> endpoint 1 of this example.
> 
> With the second type controllers can use event subscriptions to be informed
> about changes on the Switch server cluster. This type of switch is on endpoint 2
> of this example.
> 
> ## On/Off Light Switch, Dimmer Switch, Color Dimmer Switch, Control Bridge
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Matter, the following types of light switch devices are available:

-   Group 1: On/Off Light Switch, Dimmer Switch, Color Dimmer Switch, Control Bridge
-   Group 2: Generic Switch

The first type (here referred to as Group 1) uses client application clusters (for example, Level Control) and
bindings to send commands to the server clusters. This type of switch is on the endpoint 1 of this example.

With the second type (Group 2), controllers can use event subscriptions to be informed
about changes on the switch server cluster. This type of switch is on the endpoint 2
of this example.

### Group 1 light switch devices overview

```

A light switch device is a simple embedded controller, which has the ability to
control lighting devices, such as light bulbs or LEDs. After commissioning into
a Matter network, the light switch device does not know what it can control. In
other words, it has no information about another device being connected to the
same network. You must provide this information to the light switch through the
process called binding, which links clusters and endpoints on both devices, so

> that the devices can interact with each other. This functionality is on endpoint
> 1 and triggered by button 2.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
that the devices can interact with each other. This functionality is on the endpoint
1 and triggered by **Button 2**.
```

> ## Generic Switch
> 
> The Generic Switch on endpoint 2 offers the Switch server cluster. It implements
> the features Momentary Switch (`MS`) and Momentary Switch Release (`MSR`), thus
> it will send event notifications `InitialPress` and `ShortRelease` if button 3
> of the DK is pressed and released.
> 
> ## Common settings

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Generic Switch

The Generic Switch on the endpoint 2 offers the switch server cluster. It implements
the Momentary Switch (``MS``) and Momentary Switch Release (``MSR``) features.
For this reason, it sends event notifications ``InitialPress`` and ``ShortRelease`` if **Button 3**
of the DK is pressed and released.

### Common example settings
```

    with 1% increments every 300 milliseconds as long as **Button 2** is
    pressed.

**Button 3** can be used for the following purposes:

> -   _Pressed once_ &mdash; Changes the value of the attribute CurrentPosition

Reviewer 2: use backticks to escape things that are not words

Author: Done.

> **Button 3** can be used for the following purposes:
> 
> -   _Pressed once_ &mdash; Changes the value of the attribute `CurrentPosition`
>     and (if subscribed) will send the event notifications to the controller.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Button 3** can be used for the following purposes:

-   _Pressed once_ &mdash; Changes the value of the attribute ``CurrentPosition``
    and (if subscribed) sends the event notifications to the controller.
```

[Matter CLI commands](#matter-cli-commands), as described in the
[Device UI](#device-ui) section.

### Testing the Generic Switch

> Use the interactive mode of chip-tool:
> 
>         chip-tool interactive start
> 
> Subscribe to the initial-press and short-release
> 
>         >>> switch subscribe-event initial-press 1 20 <node_id> 2 --is-urgent true
>         >>> switch subscribe-event initial-press 1 20 <node_id> 2 --is-urgent true
> 
> When pressing and releasing button 3, both events should be sent to the
> controller.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

To test the Generic Switch, complete the following steps:

1. Enter the interactive mode of the CHIP Tool:

        chip-tool interactive start

2. Subscribe to the ``InitialPress`` and ``ShortRelease`` event notifications:

        >>> switch subscribe-event initial-press 1 20 <node_id> 2 --is-urgent true
        >>> switch subscribe-event initial-press 1 20 <node_id> 2 --is-urgent true

3. Press **Button 3** to test the new configuration.
    When pressing and releasing **Button 3**, both events should be sent to the controller.

```
